Update volunteers.md (#16)
facct21guide/facct21guide.github.io: volunteers.md

## Volunteer to Volunteer tips:

Volunteers from the first few sessions have shared the following tips:

> * Check the note-taking link provided by the presenters, for example, padlet, google docs, etc. before the start of the sessions to make sure that they are editable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For interactive sessions, test the note-taking link provided by the presenters, (for example, padlet, google docs, etc) before the start of the sessions to make sure that they are editable.
```
